#signature file location with full path:signature read-in fails(true / false):expected verification result code(ok, fail, na):expected exception class (" " if none):expected excpetion message (" " if none):expected rule that fails (" " if none)
#
# Na because there is no publication file form where to take certs for verification.
#
resources/signature/ksi-signature-do/ksi-signature-ok.tlv:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation-lvl2.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-calendar-authentication-lvl1.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-calendar-authentication-lvl2.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-calendar-chain.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-nested-tlv-in-main.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-nested-tlv-in-main-with-critical-elements.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-main-nested-tlv-block.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-main-nested-tlv-block-with-non-critical-tlvs.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-main-nested-tlv-block-with-critical-tlvs.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-main-nested-tlv-block-with-critical-tlvs.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation-lvl1.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
#
# Na because there was no publication from where to take cert for further verifications. Actual is Fail/Na with publication file.
#
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/all-wrong-hash-chains-in-signature.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/signature-with-invalid-certificate-id.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/signature-with-invalid-pki-signature.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/NewSignature-CalAuth-WrongSigningValue.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoSigningValue.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoCertID.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-WrongSigType.ksig:false:Na: : :CertificateExistenceRule
#
#
#
# Failed.
#
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-empty-publication-time.ksig:false:Fail: : :SignaturePublicationRecordPublicationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/ExtendedSignature-WrongPubTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :SignaturePublicationRecordPublicationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/ExtendedSignature_WithNewerPublicationTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :SignaturePublicationRecordPublicationHashRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/ExtendedSignature_WithOlderPublicationTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :SignaturePublicationRecordPublicationHashRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/timesMissing.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainRegistrationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/wrongTimes.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainRegistrationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/ExtendedSignature-WrongAllTimes.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainRegistrationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-WrongPubTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordAggregationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoPubTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordAggregationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-WrongPubHash.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordAggregationHashRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-WrongLeftLinkLast.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordAggregationHashRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-WrongRightLink1.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordAggregationHashRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-WrongAggrTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainAggregationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-NoAggrTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainAggregationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingAggrTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainAggregationTimeRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-WrongInputHash.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongLeftLink1.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongLeftLink2.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoLeftLink1.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongRightLink.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongAggrAlg.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingLeftLink.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingRightLink.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingCoreAggr.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoAggrAlg.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarHashChainInputHashVerificationRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongInputHash.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongLeftLinkClientId.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongReqTimeFuture.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongReqTimePast.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHash-WrongLeftLinkLevelCorrector.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-NoReqTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongInputHash.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-MissingReqTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongAggrTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainTimeConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongAggrTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainTimeConsistencyRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoAggrTime.ksig:false:Fail: : :AggregationHashChainTimeConsistencyRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/signature-with-invalid-calendar-authentication-record-hash.ksig:false:Fail: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordAggregationHashRule
#
# key based ver: Resutl is Na
resources/signature/key-based-verification/ExtendedSignature-MissingCalChainAndPubRec.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarHashChainExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/ExtendedSignature-MissingPubRecWrongCalChainFirstLeftLink.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/ExtendedSignature-MissingPubRecWrongCalChainFirstRightLink.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/ExtendedSignature-MissingPubRecWrongCalChainLastRightLink.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-wrong-publication-reference.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-no-publication-reference.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingCalHashAndAuthReq.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarHashChainExistenceRule
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongAggrAlgo2.ksig:false:Na: : :AggregationHashChainConsistencyRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/signature-without-calendar-elements.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarHashChainExistenceRule
resources/signature/key-based-verification/signature-without-calendar-authentication-record.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-extra-elements-in-publication-record-lvl1.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-extra-elements-in-publication-record-lvl2.ksig:false:Na: : :CalendarAuthenticationRecordExistenceRule
#
# Hashing exception
#
# Hash miss match
#
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation-lvl3.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash size(35) does not match SHA-256 size(32): 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-aggregation-lvl3.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash size(35) does not match SHA-256 size(32): 
# imprint too short
#
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/ExtendedSignature-MissingCalChainEmptyPubRecHash.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoPubHash.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-NoRightLinkLast.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-NoLeftLink1.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-NoInputHash.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-NoInputHash.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short:  
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoInputHash.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-empty-publication-hash.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoRightLink.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoLeftLink2.ksig:true:Fail:HashingException:Hash imprint is too short:
#
# TLV Exception
#
# Unknown type
#
resources/signature/ksi-signature-do/ksi-signature-invalid-extra-tag.tlv:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-aggregation.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-aggregation-lvl1.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-aggregation-lvl2.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-calendar-chain.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-calendar-authentication-lvl1.ksig:true:Fail:TLVException:nknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element-in-calendar-authentication-lvl2.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-extra-critical-elements-in-publication-record-lvl1.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-extra-critical-elements-in-publication-record-lvl2.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-nested-critical-tlv-in-main.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/extension-response-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-element.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/extension-response-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-main-with-critical-tlv.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/extension-response-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-main-with-non-critical-tlv.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/extension-response-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/extension-response-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-main-with-critical-tlv.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/tlv-parsing-signatures/extension-response-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-main-with-non-critical-tlv.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/key-based-verification/extension-response-from-538C3A47-to-54162C00-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-wrong-aggregation-time.tlv:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/key-based-verification/extension-response-from-538C3A47-to-54162C00-for-ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-wrong-input-hash.tlv:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
resources/signature/non-signature-file.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Unknown tag type: 
#
#
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-MissingSigType.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one signature type must exist in signature data: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-MissingSigningValue.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one signature value must exist in signature data: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-MissingPubTime.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication time must exist in publication data: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-MissingPubHash.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication hash must exist in publication data: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-MissingCertID.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one certificate id must exist in signature data: 
resources/signature/ExtendedSignature-EmptyPubRec.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication data is allowed in publication record: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/ExtendedSignature-MissingCalChain.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:No publication record or calendar authentication record is allowed in KSI signature if there is no calendar hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/ExtendedSignature-MissingCalChainMissingPubRecHash.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication time must exist in publication data: 
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-no-publication-hash.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication time must exist in publication data: 
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-no-publication-time.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication time must exist in publication data: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingInputHash.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one input hash must exist in calendar hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingLeftLinkLast.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Calendar hash chain shape inconsistent with publication time: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingPubTime.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication time must exist in calendar hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingRightLink1.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Calendar hash chain shape inconsistent with publication time: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-NoCalHash.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one publication time must exist in calendar hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-NoPubTime.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Invalid calendar hash chain shape for publication time: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-calendar-chain/NewSignature-CalHash-WrongPubTime.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Invalid calendar hash chain shape for publication time: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingAggrAlg.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one algorithm must exist in aggregation hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingAggrTime.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one aggregation time must exist in aggregation hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingChainIndex.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Chain index is missing in aggregation hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-MissingInputHash.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one input hash must exist in aggregation hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoCoreAggr.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one aggregation time must exist in aggregation hash chain: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoLeftLink.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one of three from siblinghash, metahash or metadata must exist in aggregation hash chain link: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoRightLink1.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one of three from siblinghash, metahash or metadata must exist in aggregation hash chain link: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-MissingLeftLinkClientId.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException:Only one client id must exist in aggregation hash chain link metadata.: 
#
# Ksi Exception
#
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-one-empty-publication-reference.ksig:true:Fail:KsiException:String must be null terminated: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-authentication-records/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoSigType.ksig:true:Fail:KsiException:String must be null terminated: 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-NoLeftLinkClientId.ksig:true:Fail:KsiException:String must be null terminated: 
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-empty-publication-reference.ksig:true:Fail:KsiException:String must be null terminated: 
resources/signature/publication-based-verification/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-empty-publication-url.ksig:true:Fail:KsiException:String must be null terminated: 
#
# WTF
#
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-NoChainIndex.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException: : 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashCore-WrongChainIndex.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException: : 
resources/signature/internal-verification-aggr-chain/NewSignature-AggrHashGW-WrongChainID2.ksig:true:Fail:TlvException: : 