#signature file location with full path;signature read-in fails(true / false);expected verification result code(ok, fail, na);expected exception class (" " if none);expected excpetion message (" " if none);expected rule that fails (" " if none)
#
# Ok because signature's publication is in publication file.
#
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-wrong-publication-reference.ksig;false;Ok; ; ; 
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-no-publication-reference.ksig;false;Ok; ; ; 
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-extra-elements-in-publication-record-lvl1.ksig;false;Ok; ; ; 
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extended-extra-elements-in-publication-record-lvl2.ksig;false;Ok; ; ; 
#
# Na because extending is not allowedF
#
resources/signature/ksi-signature/ksi-signature-ok.tlv;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation-lvl2.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-calendar-authentication-lvl1.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-calendar-authentication-lvl2.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-calendar-chain.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-nested-tlv-in-main.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-nested-tlv-in-main-with-critical-elements.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-main-nested-tlv-block.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-main-nested-tlv-block-with-non-critical-tlvs.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-main-nested-tlv-block-with-critical-tlvs.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-critical-main-nested-tlv-block-with-critical-tlvs.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ok-sig-2014-06-2-extra-element-in-aggregation-lvl1.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/signature-with-invalid-certificate-id.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/signature-with-invalid-pki-signature.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/NewSignature-CalAuth-WrongSigningValue.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoSigningValue.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/NewSignature-CalAuth-NoCertID.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ExtendedSignature-MissingCalChainAndPubRec.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ExtendedSignature-MissingPubRecWrongCalChainFirstLeftLink.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ExtendedSignature-MissingPubRecWrongCalChainFirstRightLink.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/ExtendedSignature-MissingPubRecWrongCalChainLastRightLink.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/NewSignature-CalHash-MissingCalHashAndAuthReq.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/NewSignature-CalAuth-WrongSigType.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/signature-without-calendar-elements.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/signature-without-calendar-authentication-record.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule
resources/signature/integration-test-signatures/all-wrong-hash-chains-in-signature.ksig;false;Na; ; ;ExtendingPermittedVerificationRule